Hey! Hey!
Hello!
Hi, you want us to help you?
Oh, that’d be great!
Why are you doing this alone?
Argh!
Baby! Baby!
Babe? Babe? Babe?
Say something.
Baby?
You OK?
Talk to me.
Say something.
I think we need to . . .
What’s going on?
No!
Did you see . . .
He’s not talking, Levi!
He’s not talking!
He’s not even responding.
Levi, where are we?
He’s not responding now.
We’re way too far!
We’re on 110!
We’re on Route 110!
Was he . . .
Mr.
Johnson?
No, no, nothing like that!
He just fell!
Eek!
Oh! It’s OK!
It’s just a cup.
It’s fine, Babe.
Don’t worry about it.
After the stroke,
it feels like every day
there’s just another reminder
of what I can’t do.
I wish Jehovah
would just give me my strength back.
Carl mentioned he’s been dealing
with health issues for years,
so I asked him what helps him keep going.
He said his favorite scripture
is at 1 Thessalonians 5:17:
“Pray constantly.”
He said,
“Jehovah was there in the good times,
and he’s still there in the bad.”
In prayer, he shares all his struggles,
many of which only Jehovah can understand.
Thank you so much.
But prayer gives him strength.
“Pray constantly.”